Prerendering 1 (#1194)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/photoniq/prerendering/02-get-started/index.md

    - [Add a click interaction policy](../03-features/01-synthetic-interactions/03-managing-synthetic-interaction-policies/manage-click-interactions.md).
    - [Add a hover interaction policy](../03-features/01-synthetic-interactions/03-managing-synthetic-interaction-policies/manage-hover-interactions.md).

### Validate and Monitor Prerendering

After setting up your origin for Prerendering, you can validate its operations and performance by observing monitoring metrics.

Navigate to **Activity** on your Prerendering dashboard to view metrics like:

- Renders
- Request per second
- Usage highlights which provides information on other metrics like cache hits and misses, requests, prefetches, and failed requests. 

![Usage highlights](/img/photoniq/prerendering/prerendering-metrics.png)

### Purge the Cache as Needed

Prerendering has a [cache manager](../07-prerendering-management/manage-cache/manage-cache.md), which allows you to view information about the existing caches. 

To manage your cache, navigate to the **Cache Manager**. If you need to refresh your cached content, then you can [clear the cache](../07-prerendering-management/manage-cache/).

> This allows for targeted cache removal, specifying only the URLs you wish to clear. When accessing a URL with a cleared cache using the render endpoint, prerender automatically renders the page and caches it to ensure optimal delivery.

Reviewer: Here I think we should also mention the bots when they visit the page again instead of just `When accessing a URL with a cleared cache using the render endpoint`.

Something like:
```suggestion
This allows for targeted cache removal, specifying only the URLs you wish to clear. The next time a bot accesses an uncached URL or the rendering API endpoint is called for that URL, prerender will automatically render the page and cache it to ensure optimal delivery.
```

![cache manager](/img/photoniq/prerendering/cache-manager.png)

### Customize with Prerendering Headers

> [Prerendering headers](../03-features/02-prerendering-headers/index.md) help guide how Prerender renders your pages to bots. For example, you can configure Prerender to render a page in a specified language using the pass-through header. 

Reviewer: Prerender or Prerendering? We should adopt a single name for the product.
Please do a quick search on the other places.

Author: I asked on the channel. I prefer prerendering
